Apply restricted secrity profile on Serverless components (#16104)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/01-overview/main-areas/serverless/svls-06-security-considerations.md

- Kyma does not define any authorization policies that would restrict Functions' access to other resources within the Namespace. If you deploy a Function in a given Namespace, it can freely access all events and APIs of services within this Namespace.

> - Since Kubernetes is [moving from PodSecurityPolicies to PodSecurity Admission Controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/migrate-from-psp/), Kyma Functions require running in Namespaces with `baseline` Pod security level. The `restricted` level is not currently supported due to the requirements of the Function building process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Since Kubernetes is [moving from PodSecurityPolicies to PodSecurity Admission Controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/migrate-from-psp/), Kyma Functions require running in Namespaces with the `baseline` Pod security level. The `restricted` level is not currently supported due to the requirements of the Function building process.
```

> - Kyma Serverless components can run with PodSecurity Admission Controller support in `restricted` Pod security level when using external registry. When the Internal Docker Registry is enabled, the Internal Registry DaemonSet requires elevated privileges to function correctly which exceeds the limitations of both `restricted` and `baseline` levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kyma Serverless components can run with the PodSecurity Admission Controller support in the `restricted` Pod security level when using an external registry. When the Internal Docker Registry is enabled, the Internal Registry DaemonSet requires elevated privileges to function correctly, exceeding the limitations of both the `restricted` and `baseline` levels.
```
